season two of berry is about to premiere
so here's a quick recap of everything
you need to know from season 1 to
refresh your memory
Barry Berkman is a marine turned hitman
under the guidance of his handler Fuchs
nooks assigns him a new target in LA an
aspiring actor named Ryan Madison who
was having an affair with the wife of
Chechen crime boss Goran the man who
ordered the hit
Barry breaks hitman rule number 1 by
making contact with Ryan who asked him
to perform a scene with him in his
acting class Barry feeling depressed and
disillusioned by the hitman lifestyle
feels accepted by the acting class and
become smitten with aspiring actress
Sally the only problem is Barry is a
horrible actor what's in that envelope
is for my peace of mind my peace of mind
is worth that much not one penny more
not one pain one the qualities of a hit
man being closed off an emotionless
hugely contradict the qualities required
of actors after breaking down and
venting to acting teacher Gene Kusano
that he is in fact a hit man looking for
a different life gene takes it as an
impressive improvised monologue and
accepts Barry into his acting class by
the time Barry gets around to killing
Ryan the Chechens have already sent a
new hit man to kill him and Barry to tie
up any loose ends
Barry guns them down and escapes the
scene in order to make things up to the
Chechens Fuchs arranges for Barry to
pull off several jobs for them all the
while Barry continues to attend acting
classes and pursues a relationship with
Sally the first job is to assassinate an
informant which Barry does I'll be it
not as cleanly as he had planned when he
ditches the perfect moment to go be with
Sally
when Barry reconnects with an old Marine
friend Chris Chris's friend Taylor
discovers Barry's next job of raiding a
rival Bolivian stash house and insist on
tagging along the job is pulled off with
little hiccups but Barry ignores Dukas
orders to kill Taylor upon the jobs
completion Barry wants Taylor to take
his place and work for Fuchs so that he
can leave behind the hit man life for
good and pursue his acting career Taylor
counters that Barry should just kill
Fuchs himself and even hide some money
he stole from the stash house and
Barry's bag Barry realizing his plan for
Taylor to seamlessly take his place was
an unrealistic dream decides to do the
next Chechen job alone taking out a
Bolivian drug lord upon his arrival at a
prior
airfield unfortunately Taylor shows up
with his friend bond and Barry's friend
Chris going against Barry's plan stealth
attack Taylor drives the group head-on
into enemy fire Taylor and Vaughn are
killed in the gunfire but Barry and
Chris managed to escape due to the
botched attack the Bolivians declare war
on the chechen Goren is understandably
furious and bleeding buried to have died
in the attack orders his right-hand man
NoHo Hank to kill Fuchs emotionally
distress from the horrific turn of
events at the airfield
a guilt ridden Chris tells Barrie he
wants to turn himself in to the
authorities given no other choice berry
is forced to kill his friend a decision
that emotionally devastates him berry
then goes to his acting classes
Shakespeare tonight and performs a
seamless Sally his line reading
emotionally charged for murdering his
friend captivates the crowd and gives a
confidence boost to an unaware Sally of
course
after giving the best performance of his
short career barriers and courage to do
whatever process got him to that place
every time he is about to perform I mean
whatever you did tonight to get to that
place that's your new process okay all
you have to do is do that every time
well good for drinks
thank you thank you thank you thank you
Barry upon learning of Barry survival
Fuchs tries to save himself by going to
Goran with information on where to find
him Goran instead plans to kill both
Barry and Fuchs NoHo Hank who has taken
a liking to Barry warns the assassin and
tells him to run Barry instead decides
to head to Gordon's house killing the
mob boss and his entire gang although he
spares Hank who takes over the Chechens
and makes peace with the Bolivians Barry
also runs Fuchs out of LA finally
putting his hitman past behind him Barry
and Sally accompany Jeanne to get away
at his country home Jeanne is also
accompanied by his girlfriend Janice
Moss a detective who all season has been
trying to uncover Ryan Madison's killer
and their involvement with the Chechen
mob everyone is at peace and it's a
perfect happy ending until Moss
discovers Barry's connection to Taylor
and Chris confirming her suspicions that
he is involved Barry privately begs her
not to pursue this but when she refuses
Barry is forced to retrieve a gun and
opened fire before returning to his room
and joining a sleeping Sally in bed
once again restating his resolve to put
criminal life behind him that just about
covers season one with season two just
around the corner let me know what you
think is gonna happen in the comments
below are you as excited as I am for
this new season of beary let's talk
about it like this video subscribe for
more and I'll see you in the next one